java heap size memory increase
delete a flow from central
how to give audit permissions
monitoring plugin 
parent flow and subflow how to send value - by flow output field
search by - how many features are available
what are the benefits of OO - 
input required in central -
list system
configuration items
logs settings
In the Dependencies pane, click the Import button or from the File menu, select Import Content Pack.
memory size - Changing any of the parameters below requires a restart of the configured node
system tunning - JVM heap size
15 content packs - Fine-Grained HP Content 
how many versions you are able to see SVN - 
which are the foyr themese like dependencies, author, projects......
how to serach by name uuid description
default roi value	-	0
what you are able to see start time end time user name or both .........
how to delete a flow
out of the box stuff
The Topology tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Topology or View Topology permission. You will only be able to edit the topology if you have a role with the Manage Topology permission.
cluster	- two Central nodes connected to the same database schema.
Scalability - HPE OO offers horizontal scaling for increasing execution throughput, and also provides live scalability
RAS 4 and RAS 5 belong to the same worker group, they share the load of executing flows\steps that are designated for that worker group and provide high availability.
OO uses the Java Keytool utility to manage cryptographic keys and trusted certificates. This utility is included in the OO installation folder, in <installation dir>/java/bin/keytool.
client.truststore: Contains the list of trusted certificates
key.store: Contains the OO private certificate (including the private key) 
ldap working with internal users is it possible ? yes
The main elements of Studio are: Projects Dependencies (Content Packs, Library) Authoring Pane
system configurations by running the ‘lsc’ command  - list system configuration
You can search for configuration items by UUID, name, and description fields.
Delete a configuration item folder  1. In the Projects pane, expand the Configuration folder. 2. Right-click on a configuration item folder, and then select Delete.
If you do not have ROI values assigned in your flows, the total ROI value will be 0.
Content Management workspace – used for promotion tasks, such as deploying new content, setting permissions on flows, setting up configuration items
the person doing the promotion must be assigned a role with View Content Packs and Manage Content Packs permissions.
In the Flow Launcher tab in the Run Management workspace, you can select a flow, view its details, prepare it for running, and start the run.
Run a flow from the Flow Library 1. Click the Content Management Workspace button to display the Content Management workspace. 2. Click the Flow Library tab. 3. Browse for a flow in the flow library.
When the run reaches an interactive point (such as Inputs Required, Handoff, Display  Message, and so on), its status is changed to Paused - Action Required.
It is not possible to drag and drop a flow or operation into the Configuration folder, and vice versa.
Runbook automation – automation of common and repeatable IT processes across all infrastructure tiers, IT groups, and systems
Promotion	-	The operations administrator receives an email from the flow author, saying that a new content pack is ready for deployment
Note: The Dashboard tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the View Dashboard permission. For information about setting up roles, see
The Security > Security Settings tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security Configuration or View Security Configuration permission. You will only be able to
	edit the settings if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security Configuration permission.
Once auditing has been enabled, a user who has been granted View Audit permission can retrieve an audit trail.
Select the check box to enable the auditing functionality in HPE OO. Users who have been granted View Audit permission will be able to retrieve an audit trail
The Role tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security
Configuration or View Security Configuration permission. You will only be able to edit the roles if you have a role with the Manage Security Configuration permission.
You must have the Manage Security Configuration permission in order to create and edit roles.
The LDAP tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security Configuration or View Security Configuration permission. You will only be able to edit the LDAP authentication if you have a role with the Manage Security Configuration permission
Note: In most LDAP implementations, cn is the default.
The Internal Users tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security Configuration or View Security Configuration permission. You will only be able to edit the users if you have been assigned a role with the Manage Security Configuration permission.
JVM heap size - You can increase the initial and maximum size of the Central/RAS heap by configuring the central-wrapper.conf and ras-wrapper.conf files (located under <installation_ folder>/<central or ras>/conf/).
MySQL server configuration file my.ini (Windows) or my.cnf (Linux)
l Postgres: If you are deploying HPE OO using a Postgres database, you need to configure the Postgres server configuration file postgresql.conf with the following options Note:
The Dashboard tab is only visible if you have been assigned a role with the View Dashboard permission. For information about setting up roles, see "Setting Up Security –
